How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the but that
was introduced?

Because the diff pointed out the differences in the files, whcih allowed 
me to hone in on the error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

In serveral ways:
1. It helps remind you what changes where made when and in what order,
2. It allows you to go back to a working version if you make a change that 
causes the code to break and  you can't figure out what the problem is.
3. When working in terms it allows team members to test against a good
version while new features are added.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Goggle
Docs does?

Pros:
You get to decide what makes the most logical sense for making a new version.
Prevents versions from being created that don't make logical sense.

Cons:
You may forget to commit at the appropriate time, and include too many changes 
the version.
You may commit too soon, such that the changes do not make logical sense.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Goggle Docs, treat each file 
separately?

Because some version control systems are geared towards software development,
where programs often span multiple files, while others are geared towards
document control.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log provides a history of all the commits.  Using commit ids from the log file you
can use git diff to view the changes between commits.

How might version control make you more confident to make changes that could break
something?

Since you can always revert to a previous working version, you're not as worried about
making changes that could break something.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for/

Developing a program and using it for version control
